Replace`failure` with `anyhow` in tutorial (#14)
rust-cli/book: src/tutorial/errors.md

It has one problem, though:
We don't store the original error,
only its string representation.
The often used [`anyhow`] library has a neat solution for that:
Similar to our `CustomError` type,

> it has a [`Context`] trait
> that contains a description as well as the original error.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
its [`Context`] trait can be used to add a description.
Additionally, it also keeps the original error,
so we get a "chain" of error messages pointing out the root cause.
```

Author: Looks good!

[`anyhow`]: https://docs.rs/anyhow
[`Context`]: https://docs.rs/anyhow/1.0/anyhow/trait.Context.html

> Let's first import `anyhow` crate by adding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's first import the `anyhow` crate by adding
```
